README.md, before:

# 🤫 Silent Money

> **Earn quietly. Build steadily. Track your freedom.**
>
> 🌐 **Live Demo**: [https://silent-money.vercel.app/](https://silent-money.vercel.app/)

Silent Money is a curated platform for discovering **realistic, India-specific** passive income opportunities. Unlike "get-rich-quick" schemes, we focus on data-backed assessments, real ROI calculations, and honest risk disclosures.

## 🗝️ Core Mission
To cut through the noise of fake financial gurus and provide a vetted roadmap for financial freedom in the Indian context.

## ✨ Key Features (2025 Edition)
- **🔍 Vetted Directory**: Browse income ideas and franchises with **Goal Impact** indicators (+X% to your goal).
- **🛡️ Commander Ranks**: Grow from a *Market Explorer* to an *Elite Wealth Commander* as you build your fleet.
- **📊 Reality Checks**: Every idea includes a dedicated section on risks and actual success rates.
- **🧮 ROI Calculator**: Estimate return on investment and break-even timelines based on Indian currency (INR).
- **📝 Command Center**: Manage your saved assets, set income goals, and track your progress in real-time.
- **📷 Asset Visualization**: Admin-managed image gallery and direct file uploads for high-fidelity discovery.

## 🛠️ Project Documentation
For a deep dive into the architecture, file structure, and database schema, see the [**SYSTEM_BLUEPRINT.md**](./SYSTEM_BLUEPRINT.md).

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js installed
- A Supabase project

### Installation
1. Clone the repository.
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Set up environment variables in `.env`:
   ```env
   VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_project_url
   VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_anon_key
   ```
4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## ⚖️ Legal
This platform provides informational content and does not constitute financial advice. Please read our **Disclaimer** and **Terms of Service** before acting on any information.

---
*Built for the ambitious, the quiet, and the weary of hype.*

Commit message:

docs: Institutional Knowledge Base Synchronization (Beta 2.1)
- System Architecture: Updated SYSTEM_BLUEPRINT.md and PROJECT_DETAILS.md with new intelligence layers (SEO, High-Density HUD).
- Roadmap Alignment: Refined ENHANCEMENTS.md and DEVELOPMENT_LOG.md to reflect the completion of Phase 6 (Institutional Refinement).
- Source Code Documentation: Embedded JSDoc headers and architectural annotations into 12 core files (AdminDashboard, IdeasPage, DetailHero, etc.).
- Landing Gate: Updated README.md to showcase the new Beta 2.1 feature set.

README.md, after:

# 🤫 Silent Money

> **Earn quietly. Build steadily. Track your freedom.**
>
> 🌐 **Live Demo**: [https://silent-money.vercel.app/](https://silent-money.vercel.app/)

Silent Money is a curated platform for discovering **realistic, India-specific** passive income opportunities. Unlike "get-rich-quick" schemes, we focus on data-backed assessments, real ROI calculations, and honest risk disclosures.

## 🗝️ Core Mission
To cut through the noise of fake financial gurus and provide a vetted roadmap for financial freedom in the Indian context.

## ✨ Key Features (Beta 2.1)
- **🔍 Vetted Directory**: Browse income blueprints and franchises with **Goal Impact** indicators (+X% to your goal).
- **🚀 Intelligence-Led SEO**: Automated, clean-text metadata generation for elite search appearing.
- **🛡️ Institutional HUD**: High-density admin console with real-time moderation and expert audit tracking.
- **📊 Reality Checks**: Honest, data-backed assessments of risks and actual success rates in the Indian market.
- **🧮 ROI Calculator**: Estimate return on investment and break-even timelines with monthly compounding analysis.
- **📝 Command Center**: Manage your 'Vaulted' assets and set customized financial trajectory goals.
- **🎨 High-Fidelity UI**: Premium glassmorphic interface with micro-animations and custom SVG interaction sets.

## 🛠️ Project Documentation
For a deep dive into the architecture, file structure, and database schema, see the [**SYSTEM_BLUEPRINT.md**](./SYSTEM_BLUEPRINT.md).

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js installed
- A Supabase project

### Installation
1. Clone the repository.
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Set up environment variables in `.env`:
   ```env
   VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_project_url
   VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_anon_key
   ```
4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## ⚖️ Legal
This platform provides informational content and does not constitute financial advice. Please read our **Disclaimer** and **Terms of Service** before acting on any information.

---
*Built for the ambitious, the quiet, and the weary of hype.*
